I have to stay for work father I never
see here your life is happening now
right in front of you I'm sorry what to
do what to do what to do indeed Oh
Christopher Robin oh you're here in
London I haven't seen you in years
I've lost all of my friends we need to
find them are you on an expedition so
you can't see moving and talking but why
just try and be elastic suberin to you
looks to Burak to play nap time
I love play well this is like this well
duh
house clouds train boat waiting oh
please say what you see look could you
say what you see a little more quietly
house grass
[Music]
Christopher Robin he's giant dope and he
smells a little funny
[Music]
just an average Wednesday morning it's
always a sunny day
when Christopher Robin comes to place a
little fare Disney's Christopher Robin
rated PG get tickets now
[Music]
starting to like Halloween around here
I don't think this place is giving out
candy
[Music]
haunted Halloween
did you miss me
you discovered a walking talking dummy
and you didn't tell me okay well he
seemed like a really nice guy at the
start
[Music]
their movie so tiny and cubic may
possibly do
[Music]
funny [ __ ] [ __ ] bears
I see truth great
oh I see
[Music]
boy it's gonna be a great day
we and the Wonder in Wonderland
[Music]
in a town just like your town if your
town was a dream that's beautiful
live the grumpiest grouch the world has
ever seen
[Music]
you're mean one mr. Grinch you as cuddly
as a cactus you uh what's back as an eel
degree and checkmate again
[Music]
the mayor was Christmas to be three
times bigger this year for 53 years
Christmas has brought me nothing but
misery I become Santa Claus to steal
their Christmas sir if he could deliver
it in one night than I do stealing what
Santa heaven I don't that's hurtful this
perfectly recreates a mating call of the
reindeer in the home oh hey there sorry
little goat I was calling for a rest
the Grinch
[Music]
Pence's loudest snow I've ever heard in
my life
[Music]
what are you doing okay
[Applause]
[Music]
we got a job need to rethink this out of
my way hunt Walker we got a problem
there's a storm when we eat enough talk
I'll see what parents
altitude 25,000 feet
they're bored yeah somebody's birthday
my daughter
how old is she
she's five
[Applause]
[Music]
every day we go about her routines auric
home family or family
[Music]
another nightmare
or sleep it okay I don't understand why
you won't get some help cuz they're
gonna say it's in my head
it is just in your head I think these
dreams are the future there of something
bad
is coming
you see that you kiddin of course I can
what is that
this is what you saw
it's an invasion if we stay here we die
what's happening out there has been
headed our way for a very long time I
know what's gonna happen I need you to
trust me you'll be safe
in your nightmares
did you see them Achilles
[Music]
few weeks ago I met Emily this a
wonderful elegant person our son has
brought us together actually I think
you're joking but every time we do this
I feel so high tone don't rate
confessions as well as thing you've ever
done
she's an enigma my life you can get
closer every job she's like a beautiful
quest you just take my picture erase it
I guess I'm probably not the kind of
person you're normally friends with oh
you do not want to be friends with me
trust me Stephanie I need your help
are you okay I'm fine but I do need just
a simple favor can you pay huh yeah five
days ago
Emily went missing
[Music]
I warn you you go poking around in her
past you're gonna find something that is
terrifying she was not a normal person
like you or me I've never seen such a
beautiful girl want to be so invisible I
smell her perfume like a ghost it's just
you being paranoid
[Music]
she told easier to Stephanie
were you aware that he took out an extra
four million dollar life insurance
policy on Emily before she disappeared
people do terrible things for their own
reasons they thought you knew more than
you were letting off
I know your secret I really think you
should stop
they look way too real
I think that Israel they've all been
watching we have to do something you
have to do it now oh my god you saw what
he does look people can't they find the
rest of us too I don't understand what
you are thought you're so into do not
pick the link do not click the link
[Music]
I can hear you are you silly I can't see
you Nicole I'm opening up a new place
Mayfair if you want the job you're going
to have to have your visa change and
that means we're gonna have to go back
home I have to go home I know I feel
your pain the last place I wanted to go
back to was our little Italy where
nothing changes you're so thin what
happens worries no one trusts the skinny
Cosby there as it goes just like home
Little Italy is not big enough for me
and you bring that all the stuff I'm
crazy
would you put the piece in today what
was the same the best that's not a
Reagan old - batshit insane bye-bye
finish your spleen why our families have
been it's war
love has been at the work I get your
drink sir is kicking your ass at soccer
these days we take this outside it's
raining food you might get wet
I am oh my god sons I think you're on to
us one of these spies
give me tea sir there's no ditalion
saying I learned from my nan now if you
want it you have to put a ring on it
what was your grandmother's name Beyonce
no Bianca
my father would consider this the
highest form of treason was that the
pizza or has been together both it's
trying too complicated
no no no no my dad is gonna kill me I
mean I I slept with Vince's son oh my
god
yeah you were saying that a lot last
night everything's more special now that
you're back I'm sorry I can't work too
hard to come back to this but you know
there's a reason why they call it Little
Italy it's nothing ever changes here in
lieu you lobby
[Music]
what are we doing I'm not a kid anymore
Leo you can take the girl out of little
Hitler but you can't take Little Italy
out of the girl show how much she's
missing
[Music]
c'mere Miko you wernicki you like Romeo
and Juliet huh
Romeo and Juliet died that's a bad
example
you ever gonna ask me out we'll just
waiting for the right moment I see you
around
Abbey I'm waiting for the right moment
because when I ask you out there's not
gonna be any turning back for me I'm not
gonna date anybody else for the rest of
my life I'm not gonna love anybody else
for the rest of my life I'm waiting for
the right moment because when I asked
you out it's gonna be the most important
moment of my life and I just want to
make sure that I get it right life is up
tricks us it misleads us it paints one
man a hero when he may well be a villain
hero or a villain villain or hero that I
was in my maybe the heroes and villains
of our stories are actually just day
players in a much bigger movie but I was
naked dreams I want to live a big great
fantastical
let's get married we've been dating less
than a year I know and I feel like I've
shown incredible restraint waiting this
long you may
try
I love you I may not be equipped to be
loved this much
[Music]
don't take this the wrong way all I ever
wanted was for well to marry a woman
with dead parents old enough to share
the grandchildren involved it's okay she
knows
[Music]
so strange law completely random moment
that happened way before I was born but
shaped my entire life
are you glad it happened start small
grow tall
hey are you pregnant the small world
heart may I introduce to my new wife
Colette the wild days of Donny from the
country the wild days have just begun
he married literary entrepreneur you've
married a country girl that penny to her
name
we do love me Willy is a brand I take
all the risk and the silver money you
you could write my school stories yes
yes that could be Willy's next novel
you're writing for him too yes has made
you one of his ghosts already my name is
Claudia I live in Montana
[Music]
I shall probably not die there
is beautiful we've never had one fly off
the shelves like this before and to lose
by young women as ever I have a little
plan to turn Claudine into the most
popular girl in the entire world I
believe will you base Cordy on your
school days yes I think I had a little
something to contribute finally we have
a success and then you imply that I'm
not the true author of it people love to
talk I understand the mentality here you
don't I understand it well enough to
write a book there's a toast of Paris
you've done something important all
those young girls we've given them of
Luis you should own up to it he was
after you your jealousy is misplaced
Elsa it was a wife I found interesting
we're holding dynamite here that could
blow our bloody heads off
since when if you considered scandal to
be a bad thing though how interesting
your love line splits into three must
get used to marriage better to make
marriage it is to you people are begging
from all I don't want to write another
protein but you have your mind
right no one can take away who you are
destroy these incinerate
you found me when I knew nothing
we molded meteor and desires
[Music]
and you thought that I could never break
free
oh you're wrong
and holds the patent rights history
penguin does not look so different from
Scotland hey they are sisters
Queen Elizabeth your cousin Mary has
returned to take up her throne in
Scotland the Queen
my dear cousin Elizabeth I hope we might
meet in person but I might embrace you
but ruling side-by-side we must do so in
harmony not through a treaty drafted by
men lesser than ourselves my dear cousin
that power nations cherish each other as
we would two kingdoms United how did the
world come to this wise men servicing
the whims of women
Mary is our phone we must never bow to
her as we bow before you you'll have the
boldness to doubt my judgment
she is only your queen if I should not
produce enough why does it play to have
a man booth
[Music]
with heavens blessings we bring an heir
to Scotland and to England
it is a clear provocation you must make
war in Scotland so put your skills to
use
do not play into their hands our hatred
is precisely what they hope for I know
your heart has more within it than the
men who can't kill you you would do well
to watch your work I will not be scolded
by my inferior your area
are you afraid Henry no good because our
swords are not just for sure
we have a scourge upon our land
there's a woman with a crowd
your beauty bravery now I see there's no
clothes and me
your gifts will be your downfall
should you murder me remember you murder
your sister and you murder your queen
[Applause]
[Music]
dear us clean how guys the kingdom did
you look at me stop it
I am the queen but you are mad
[Music]
like a badger I thought we could race
them and then eat them is that cake
[Music]
let's shoot something I should have you
stripped and whipped
I'm waiting your majesty
I'd like to enjoy the music now this is
madness sometimes a lady likes to have
some fun
[Music]
[Applause]